OCPBUGS#1902: OpenStack: Note that app creds are not supported (#51615)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-describing-cloud-parameters.adoc

+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Remember to add a password to the `auth` field. You can also keep secrets in link:https://docs.openstack.org/os-client-config/latest/user/configuration.html#splitting-secrets[a separate file] from `clouds.yaml`. Please note that OpenShift does not support application credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to add a password to the `auth` field. You can also keep secrets in link:https://docs.openstack.org/os-client-config/latest/user/configuration.html#splitting-secrets[a separate file] from `clouds.yaml`. {product-title} does not support application credentials.
```

Author: Done!
